Add displayMode and variant props (#6)
vtex-apps/store-link: docs/README.md

| `label`   | `string` | Link text                                                                                                                               | `undefined`   |
| `href`    | `string` | Link URL                                                                                                                                | `'#'`         |
| `target`  | `string` | This prop works the same way as the target of the [anchor element of html](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a) | `undefined`   |
| `displayMode` | `DisplayMode` | How the link should be displayed | `'anchor'` |

> | `variant` | `Variant` | The variant to be used if `displayMode === 'button'` | `'primary'` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `variant` | `Variant` | The variant to be used if `displayMode` is `button'` | `'primary'` |
```

> | `variant` | `Variant` | The variant to be used if `displayMode` is `button'` | `'primary'` |

Reviewer 2: It might be a good idea to add a link to the Styleguide documentation for the Button since the values for `variant` can be found there

| `label`   | `string` | Link text                                                                                                                               | `undefined`   |
| `href`    | `string` | Link URL                                                                                                                                | `'#'`         |
| `target`  | `string` | This prop works the same way as the target of the [anchor element of html](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a) | `undefined`   |
| `displayMode` | `DisplayMode` | How the link should be displayed | `'anchor'` |

> | `variant` | `Variant` | The variant to be used if `displayMode` is `'button'` | `'primary'` |

Reviewer: Missing `size`. I think it would be better to have an object just for the button props

```js
buttonProps: {
  size: "small",
  variant: "primary"
}
```

What do you think?

Author: I think is a good idea, but about the size prop I didn't want to add to the documentation because I wanted to test it better and add in another PR, but thinking right now doesn't seem like a lot of work :thinking:

Author: Done
